Many to Many relationship implies multiple relationship between any two entities. An example of this is: A class has multiple students but a student also attends multiple classes. So this is a many to many relationship between the entities STUDENT and CLASS. It is complicated to manage a many to many relationship.

Java's architecture and components include security mechanisms that can help to protect against hostile, misbehaving, or unsafe code. However, following secure coding best practices is still necessary to avoid bugs that could weaken security and even inadvertently open the very holes that Java's security features were intended to protect against. These bugs could potentially be used to steal confidential data from the machine and intranet, misuse system resources, prevent useful operation of the machine, assist further attacks, and many other malicious activities.

The choice of language system impacts the robustness of any software program. The Java language [2] and virtual machine [3] provide many features to mitigate common programming mistakes. The language is type-safe, and the runtime provides automatic memory management and bounds-checking on arrays. Java programs and libraries check for illegal state at the earliest opportunity. These features also make Java programs highly resistant to the stack-smashing [4] and buffer overflow attacks possible in the C and to a lesser extent C++ programming languages. The explicit static typing of Java makes code easy to understand (and facilitates static analysis), and the dynamic checks ensure unexpected conditions result in predictable behavior.